great the sugar and the oil so put it
mix spice and bicarb of soda so we want
to touch it by having their mixed spice
pecan that's got really nice flavor to
it just lightly chop these I'm gonna use
a few to garnish the top at the end of
it handful of sultanas I'm throwing some
raisins as well
and desiccated coconut mmm fabulous yeah
love it so will I can get me some
greaseproof yeah Cheers just lightly
butter that just around the edge rate
just gonna use a touch of greaseproof in
the bottom stop this mixture from
sticking to do that you just fold it
over and over and over itself you got
the other scissors now I'm using quite a
large ting so on it to look really
impressive what it's made cut this out
for the purses
but uh place the paper in the bottom
just fits nicely in the base she can get
me a spatula that'd be great
lovely throw in that flour mixture and
now we can throw in basically all the
rest of the ingredients really give all
this a good mix together you almost get
that Christmas cake style texture pour
it into your tin press this down into
the corners well if you can get me a
little bit of water in there thank you
I'm going to bake this in the oven this
wants to go in about 190 degrees
centigrade for about 3035 minutes just
to cook right through next up these
candy carrots you like this in here I'm
just going to add a touch of butter
pinch of salt just a tiny pinch of salt
and a decent amount of sugar so you
almost get like this lovely glaze at the
end of it and then the carrots straight
out on my garden fresh carrots keep the
green on it as well and they'll be great
to go on the top of our cake and
normally on top of carrot cake it would
just be simple icing sugar and water
mixed together I thought be quite nice
just to do a different sort of glaze
it's using mascarpone cheese which I
love with a pinch of sugar just to
sweeten it up a touch there we go and
then just add enough cream to create a
nice little icing over the top of that
carrot cake as some sugar on my teas
gonna do is little fancy sugar work bit
of a genius when it comes to sugar work
all this is just melted sugar in a pan
this goes in the fridge leave him
spread a bit of this on these carrots
are great it's just all these and a bit
of sugar just to allow them to set could
stick these on they look great
how we did yeah got them yeah these
little sugar pieces they're so simple to
do it does make a cake and a dessert
with really elaborate they got